abandonment abatement abduction abet abeyance abscond absolute abstention abuse of process accessory accomplice accord 
acquiescence acquisition acquittal act of God action in personam action in rem ad hoc ad idem ad infinitum ad litem 
addendum adhesion contract adjudicate adjournment adjudication administrator administratrix admissibility admission adverse 
possession affidavit affiant affirm affirmative action age of consent agency agent aggravation agreement aid and abet alibi 
alien alienation allocution alter ego alternative dispute resolution amicus curiae amnesty ancillary annulment answer antitrust 
appeal appearance appellant appellate apportionment appurtenance arbitration arraignment arrears arrest articles of incorporation
as is ask for leave asset assignment assumption assumption of risk attachment attest attorney attorney-in-fact authentication 
authority autopsy averment award bail bailiff bailment bailee bailor bankruptcy bar barratry barrister battery bearer bench bench
trial bequeath bequest best evidence rule beyond a reasonable doubt bias bill of attainder bill of exchange bill of indictment 
bill of lading bind binding precedent blackmail bona fide bond booking breach breach of contract breach of duty breach of trust 
brief burden of proof burglary bylaw calendar calendar call callous capacity capital offense caption careless carryover case law 
cause of action cease and desist certificate of incorporation certification certiorari chain of custody challenge chambers change 
of venue charge charging lien charter chattel chattel mortgage chief judge child custody child support circumstantial evidence 
citation civil case civil law civil procedure civil rights claim claimant class action clause clemency clerk of court closed shop 
code codicil collateral collateral estoppel collusion commingling commission commit commutation competency complaint comply 
compound conciliation concurrence concurrent sentences condemnation confession confine confirmation conflict of interest confiscation 
conforming consent decree consideration conspiracy constitution constructive contempt of court continuance contract contractual 
capacity contraband contributory negligence conveyance conviction conveyance counterclaim counterfeit court court of record court 
reporter covenant co-defendant creditor crime criminal insanity criminal law cross-claim cross-examination custody customs damages 
dangerous defendant defense deference deficiency decree default default judgment defendant defense attorney deferred sentence 
defamation defense attorney deferred sentence define defraud decree defraud defamation delivery demand letter demurrer dependant 
deposition deposition despotism destruction detainment detention determination deterrence de novo direct evidence directed verdict 
discharge disclaimer disclosure discovery discrimination dismiss dismissal disposition disposition dispute dissolution dissenting 
opinion dissolution diversion docket doctrine documentary evidence domicile double jeopardy due diligence duress duty duty of care 
easement emancipation embezzlement eminent domain emolument en banc encumbrance endorsement enforceable enforcement entrapment 
equitable estoppel equity escrow esquire estate estoppel ethics evidence examination exclusionary rule exculpatory clause 
exculpatory evidence executed executed trust executor exemplary damages exemption exhibit expert witness express warranty expunge expungement extradition exonerate fact finding fair hearing false arrest false imprisonment family court family law fault federalism felony fiduciary final judgment finder of fact finding foreclosure forbearance forfeiture forgery fraud freedom of speech gag order garnishment general counsel good faith grand jury grant grievance gross negligence guarantee guardianship habeas corpus harassment hearsay heir hire purchase hold harmless homestead homicide hostile witness hung jury identification immaterial immunity impanel impeach impeachment impound in absentia in camera in forma pauperis in personam in rem incarcerration incapacity incompetence indict indictment indispensable party inference injunction injury inmate insanity defense instruction intent interference interpleader interrogatories intestate investigation invitation to treat irreparable injury irrevocable judgment judgment notwithstanding the verdict judicial review jurisprudence jury just compensation justifiable homicide juvenile jurisdiction jurisprudence kin kidnapping knowingly larceny law law clerk lawsuit leading question lease legacy legal age legal separation lessee lessor letter of credit liability libel lien limited liability lineal descendent liquidate liquidation lis pendens litigation living trust magistrate malfeasance malpractice manslaughter marital privilege material evidence mediation memorandum mens rea merger minor mistrial mitigating circumstances mitigation modification moot moral turpitude motion murder mutual consent necessity negligence negotiable instrument negotiation nolle prosequi no contest non compos mentis non obstante veredicto nonfeasance notary public notice nuisance oath objection obiter dictum obligation obsolescence occupancy offer offeror offeree omission onus opening statement opinion order ordinance overt act own recognizance paralegal pardon parole party patent paternity payee payment penalty pendente lite per curiam per diem perjury personal property petition plaintiff plea plea bargain plead pleading pledge power of attorney precedent preemption prejudicial preliminary hearing preponderance of evidence presumption principal priority private law privilege pro bono probate probation procedure process promissory note property prosecution prosecutor protest proximate cause proxy punitive damages quash quasi-judicial quiet title quitclaim quorum ratione soli real property rebuttable evidence rebuttal recess reckless recordable redeem redemption reformation reformation reformation refuse rehearing release remand remedy remittitur removal render renunciation reorganization repeal reply report res judicata res ipsa loquitur reservation respondent restitution restraining order retainer retainer fee retraction retribution reverse reversal right of way right to counsel right to privacy robbery rules of evidence sanction satisfaction search warrant self-defense sentence separation sequestration service of process settlement severability sheriff show cause silent partner slander sovereign immunity specific performance spendthrift trust stare decisis status quo statute statutory law statutory rape stay stipulation subpoena subrogation summary judgment summons suppression surety surrogate survivor suspect tacit tax evasion temporary injunction temporary restraining order tenancy tender theft third party tort tortfeasor transcript transfer transferability trial tribunal trespass trust trustee truth in lending turncoat ultra vires undue influence unlawful detainer unliquidated damages unrecorded unrebuttable presumption usury venue verdict vested victim vindication visitation voluntary waiver wanton will witness work product wrongful death wrongful discharge writ writte abandonment abatement abduction abet abeyance abscond absolute abstention abuse accessory accomplice accord acquiescence acquisition acquittal action addendum adjudicate adjournment adjudication administrator administratrix admissibility admission adverse affidavit affiant affirm agreement alibi alien alienation allocution alter alternative amicus amnesty ancillary annulment answer antitrust appeal appearance appellant appellate apportionment appurtenance arbitration arraignment arrears arrest articles ask asset assignment assumption attachment attest attorney authentication authority autopsy averment award bail bailiff bailment bailee bailor bankruptcy bar barratry barrister battery bearer bench bind blackmail bond booking breach brief burglary bylaw calendar capacity capital careless carryover cause censure certificate certification certiorari challenge chambers charge charter chattel chief child circumstantial citation civil claimant clause clemency clerk closed code codicil collateral collusion commingling commission commit commutation competency complaint comply compound conciliation concurrence condemnation confession confirmation confiscation conforming consideration conspiracy constitution constructive continuance contract contraband conveyance conviction counterclaim counterfeit court covenant creditor crime cross-claim cross-examination custody damages dangerous deference deficiency defamation defense defraud delivery demand demurrer dependent deposition destruction detainment detention determination deterrence diligence direct discharge disclaimer disclosure discovery dismiss dismissal disposition dispute dissolution diversion docket doctrine documentary domicile duress easement emancipation embezzlement eminent emolument encumbrance endorsement enforceable enforcement entrapment equitable equity escrow esquire estate estoppel ethics evidence examination exclusionary exculpatory executed executor exemplary exemption exhibit expert express expunge extradition exonerate fair false family fault federalism felony fiduciary final finding foreclosure forbearance forfeiture forgery fraud freedom garnishment general good grand grant grievance gross guarantee guardianship habeas harassment hearsay heir hire homicide hostile identification immaterial immunity impanel impeach impeachment impound incapacity incompetence indemnity indict indictment indispensable inference injunction injury inmate insanity instruction intent interference interpleader interrogatories intestate investigation irreparable irrevocable judgment judicial jury just compensation justifiable juvenile jurisdiction jurisprudence kidnapping knowingly larceny law lawsuit leading lease legacy legal lessee lessor liability libel lien limited lineal liquidate liquidation litigation magistrate malfeasance malpractice manslaughter marital material mediation memorandum merger minor mistrial mitigating modification moral motion murder necessity negligence negotiable negotiation nonfeasance notary notice nuisance oath objection obligation obsolescence occupancy offer omission opening opinion order ordinance overt owner pardon parole party patent paternity payee payment penalty pendente perjury personal petition plaintiff plea plead pleading pledge precedent preemption preliminary preponderance presumption principal priority privilege probate probation procedure promissory property prosecution prosecutor protest proximate proxy punitive quash quasi-judicial quiet quitclaim quorum ratification real rebuttal recess reckless recordable redemption reformation refusal rehearing release remand remedy renunciation repeal reply report reservation respondent restitution retainer retraction retribution reverse right robbery sanction satisfaction search self-defense sentence separation sequestration service settlement severability sheriff silent slander sovereign specific spendthrift stare status statute statutory stay stipulation subpoena subrogation summary summons suppression surety surrogate survivor suspect tacit temporary tenancy tender theft third tort tortfeasor transcript transfer transferability trial tribunal trespass trustee truth turncoat undue unlawful unliquidated unrecorded unrebuttable usury venue verdict vested victim vindication visitation voluntary waiver wanton will witness wrongful written wrongful writ actionable additive adherence adjudication admiralty affidavit affirmative allegation allege altercation annulment appeal appearance appellation arraignment arrest assailant assault attorney authenticate autopsy bailiff barrister battery bequeath bereavement bequest bias bifurcation billable binding blackmail blasphemy breach brief burden cadaver cancellation capacity cartel caution causation caveat certify challenge chancery chapter citation codicil collate collusion committal compliance compulsive conciliation confer confide confiscation conjugal conscript consortium contestation contumacious contravene conveyance corroborate counteract covenant covert credence criminal culpable curator custody damages defendant deference defraud degree delict delinquency demurrer dependency deportation deposition deprive designee detainer determination deterrence devolution dilatory disclosure disinherit dismiss dissolution disturbance docket duress earnest easement embezzle enact encumbrance endorse enforcement enjoin equitable esquire estoppel exaction exemption exhibit expedient expiation extortion extradition falsehood fiduciary forfeit forgery fraudulence garnish guaranty harassment hearsay homicide hostile illegitimate immaterial impeach impound incarcerate incitement incompetence incriminate indemnify indenture indictment infraction injunction inquest inquisition insolvency interdict interrogate intestate intimidation inure investigation inviolable irreparable jeopardy joinder judgment jurisdiction jurisprudence jurisprudential larceny lawsuit legitimacy leniency lesser lexicon liability libel lien litigation loiter magistrate malpractice mandate manslaughter martial materiality mediation menace misdemeanor misfeasance mistrial mitigate modification monition mootness mortgage negligence nonfeasance notarial notification nuisance obligation obfuscate objection obligation obviate offender ombudsman omission ordinance override panel pardon parole partiality participant peculation penalize perjury plaintiff pleading posthumous precedent preemption preliminary probation promissory promulgate prosecute protest publicize punitive qualification quashable quorum ratify rebuff rebuttal recess recidivism rectify redress refuse rehearing reinstate relegate remand remedy remit renounce reparation repeal reprieve reprimand rescind respondent restitution retainer retraction revoke ruling sanction sequester service settlement sibling solicitation sovereign spoliation stipulate subpoena subrogation succession sue summons suppress surrender suspect testament testate testify testimony tortious transcript transgression tribunal trust unavailing unclaimed underwrite usury vacate vacatur vandalism vassal venial verdict verification vicarious victim vindicate visitation voidable voluntary waiver wanton warrant withhold witness writ wrongful

